README.md, before:

# Party Mouth

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app). You can find the most recent version of the guide [here](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser. The page will reload if you make edits to the client files.

### `npm lint`

Runs the linter on the code to see that it is valid and check for syntax mistakes.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance. The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes. Open [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) to view it in the browser.

Commit message:

Unit tests added to components.

README.md, after:

# Party Mouth

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app). You can find the most recent version of the guide [here](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser. The page will reload if you make edits to the client files.

### `npm lint`

Runs the linter on the code to see that it is valid and check for syntax mistakes.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm test -- --coverage`

Runs all of the tests and outputs a code coverage report.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production in the `build` folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance. The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes. Open [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) to view it in the browser.
